README.md, before:

# Cryogenic_Material_Properties
## Description
**A compilation of material properties, fits, and plots at cryogenic temperatures for use in design and testing of cryogenic systems.**

## Last Updated: 22 July 2024

This Git Repository will serve to store raw thermal conductivity (TC) data and other material properties, plots, and analysis tools. The data is compiled from decades of published resources. The repository also includes the reference information for each set of measurements. 

The repository is being actively developed by Henry Nachman, Oorie Desai, and Dr. Nicholas Galitzki at the University of Texas at Austin.

## Compilation Files
`tc_fullrepo_`: An extensive compilation of every material included in the repository. 

`tc_generic_`: A simplified compilation file with a curated list of materials and fits. Includes *flagged* materials, whose fits are known to be problematic.

`tc_other_fits`: Fits extracted directly from other sources (not produced 'in-house'). These fits may follow a different fit type. This file currently has many more fits than the raw data file because many sources report/publish only their fit.

`tc_rawdata_fits`: The fits produced from temperature + thermal conductivity data that has been accumulated from a variety of sources. More information on the fitting method can be found in the documentation.


## Documentation

Please navigate to our Read The Docs for a full description of the repository and more.

https://cryogenic-material-properties.readthedocs.io/en/latest/


## Tools

Some useful Python and Excel tools can also be found in this repository for the everyday user. These are found in the `ThermalModelTools` folder.

Commit message:

Adding site map and some documentation and comments

README.md, after:

# Cryogenic_Material_Properties
## Description
**A compilation of material properties, fits, and plots at cryogenic temperatures for use in design and testing of cryogenic systems.**

## Last Updated: 29 March 2025

This Git Repository will serve to store raw thermal conductivity (TC) data and other material properties, plots, and analysis tools. The data is compiled from decades of published resources. The repository also includes the reference information for each set of measurements. 

The repository is being actively developed by Henry Nachman, Oorie Desai, and Dr. Nicholas Galitzki at the University of Texas at Austin.

## Compilation Files
`tc_fullrepo_`: An extensive compilation of every material included in the repository. 

`tc_simplified_`: A simplified compilation file with a curated list of materials and fits. Includes *flagged* materials, whose fits are known to be problematic.

<!-- `tc_other_fits`: Fits extracted directly from other sources (not produced 'in-house'). These fits may follow a different fit type. This file currently has many more fits than the raw data file because many sources report/publish only their fit.

`tc_rawdata_fits`: The fits produced from temperature + thermal conductivity data that has been accumulated from a variety of sources. More information on the fitting method can be found in the documentation. -->


## Documentation

Please navigate to our Read The Docs for a full description of the repository and more.

https://cryogenic-material-properties.readthedocs.io/en/latest/


## Tools

Some useful Python and Excel tools can also be found in this repository for the everyday user. These are found in the `ThermalModelTools` folder.

## Site Map

![alt text](https://github.com/CMB-S4/Cryogenic_Material_Properties/blob/main/docs/site_map.pdf?raw=true)
